And this in the next lectures I'll use Plunker instead of chair spin because I need to work with multiple
files and chairs and doesn't offer that functionality.
So head over to blanker dot C-L dad's P.L. and K.R. dot SEO and then click on launched yesterday you
well create new editor you should end up with something like this.
And this is just fine.
You can write your Create your follow through on the left edit them here in the middle and the under
right.
If you click on the eye here you'll have a preview of your aged him or Page or if you know I don't want
to leave.
Thank you.
Or if you click on this green refresh button your it will manually trigger a refresh of the preview
.
However since we work with the console a lot we don't really need that page here.
So what I will do is all open up my developer tools here in Chrome which also has a Charvis cons. of
course you're not cleared for now.
So you're on the right bottom.
You'll see what actually happens with our code.
So to get started we have this script that chiasmus just the one being run by Plunker here.
So this is our starting point.
But since we're working with modules I'll add number fall because that's the new thing.
ESX has Marchal support built in and you probably used Martial's before in your bigger projects but
you always needed some help to do so right.
With ESX you got machos as a set built into the language.
Now since ESX of course doesn't run natively in browsers yet I still need some help to actually work
with those modules so I need to import some.
Well the additions here or some other scripts in my index that aged him of five precisely I will need
Tresor that as a tool by Google which basically compiles E6 code to erase 5 code so that the browser
is able to run it but will still be writing 6 code.
And so in the future you'll hopefully be able to write that without needing a compiler to creating ear's
five could offer it.
And in order to use it we basically need to get a link to imported from a CDN.
Now we can do this easily in plunker.
Boy I am just making this a little bit wider.
For now finding an external library disk book I can.
And then if I type tracery here search for it to see it here.
And if you click this magic wand here age get added to your project like this.
So this hopefully will work and I'll also need System cheapass which is a module loader because they
serve will basically just compile iOS 6 is 5.
And then we will have all those ears 5 modules you might know from your bigger scale projects.
So basically they are we will have modules which to browsers still won't be able to interpret because
about the browser just can't do that right now.
So in order to also simulate this all together since last.
And I'll also add this with the magic wand.
So with that I'll go back to the preview.
Now if you when you're having problems with the package just edits here like I seem to have.
You can also replace this manually.
Can leave the bench tray searches part here but you can replace the first one with a link to Google's
get hub account IO then its tracer piler and then bin tracer.
And with that you should be able to get it and actually use its in effect clear my console load this
page.
I it looks good.
Don't get any 404 errors anymore.
So that's important and you have this compiler tracer and system checks to load your modules.
And after they have been compiled after your code has been compiled.
So there are preparations for that.
Let's dive right into writing some modular code so that we're almost there by now or we'll get rid of
his script import we don't need that because we're using System chest for dead.
That is what we have a much lower fourth.
And therefore instead in my body here I will add script tacks to just type script and then hit tap and
hirable use system checks and then the import method to point to the script for where it should start
importing everything.
This will be the script Dutchesse file.
Now what do you mean with start importing everything.
This will be the file system checks will load for us.
The Scripter chips fall and then look which modules this fall requires to also load those.
That is what the march loader here does and that is what the browser in the future will do natively
.
So if that all cleared the console and we're get to go